README.md, before:

# Pluto
<div align="center">
  <img src="/img/logo.png" alt="Pluto Logo" height="200"/>
  <br>

  <h3>Find Kubernetes resources that have been deprecated</h3>

  [![GitHub release (latest SemVer)][release-image]][release-link] [![GitHub go.mod Go version][version-image]][version-link] [![CircleCI][circleci-image]][circleci-link] [![Code Coverage][codecov-image]][codecov-link] [![Go Report Card][goreport-image]][goreport-link]
</div>

[version-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/FairwindsOps/pluto
[version-link]: https://github.com/FairwindsOps/pluto

[release-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/FairwindsOps/pluto
[release-link]: https://github.com/FairwindsOps/pluto

[goreport-image]: https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/FairwindsOps/pluto
[goreport-link]: https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/FairwindsOps/pluto

[circleci-image]: https://circleci.com/gh/FairwindsOps/pluto/tree/master.svg?style=svg
[circleci-link]: https://circleci.com/gh/FairwindsOps/pluto

[codecov-image]: https://codecov.io/gh/FairwindsOps/pluto/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
[codecov-link]: https://codecov.io/gh/FairwindsOps/pluto

This is a very simple utility to help users find deprecated Kubernetes apiVersions in their code repositories and their helm releases.

**Want to learn more?** Reach out on [the Slack channel](https://fairwindscommunity.slack.com/messages/pluto) ([request invite](https://join.slack.com/t/fairwindscommunity/shared_invite/zt-e3c6vj4l-3lIH6dvKqzWII5fSSFDi1g)), send an email to `opensource@fairwinds.com`, or join us for [office hours on Zoom](https://fairwindscommunity.slack.com/messages/office-hours)

## Purpose

Kubernetes sometimes deprecates apiVersions. Most notably, a large number of deprecations happened in the [1.16 release](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/07/18/api-deprecations-in-1-16/). This is fine, and it's a fairly easy thing to deal with. However, it can be difficult to find all the places where you might have used a version that will be deprecated in your next upgrade.

You might think, "I'll just ask the api-server to tell me!", but this is fraught with danger. If you ask the api-server to give you `deployments.v1.apps`, and the deployment was deployed as `deployments.v1beta1.extensions`, the api-server will quite happily convert the api version and return a manifest with `apps/v1`. This is fairly well outlined in the discussion in [this issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/58131#issuecomment-356823588).

So, long story short, finding the places where you have deployed a deprecated apiVersion can be challenging. This is where `pluto` comes in. You can use pluto to check a couple different places where you might have placed a deprecated version:
* Infrastructure-as-Code repos: Pluto can check both static manifests and Helm charts for deprecated apiVersions
* Live Helm releases: Pluto can check both Helm 2 and Helm 3 releases running in your cluster for deprecated apiVersions

## Kubernetes Deprecation Policy

You can read the full policy [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-policy/)

Long story short, apiVersions get deprecated, and then they eventually get removed entirely. Pluto differentiates between these two, and will tell you if a version is `DEPRECATED` or `REMOVED`

## Installation

### asdf

We have an asdf plugin [here](https://github.com/FairwindsOps/asdf-pluto). You can install with:

```
asdf plugin-add pluto
asdf list-all pluto
asdf install pluto <latest version>
```

### Binary

Install the binary from our [releases](https://github.com/FairwindsOps/pluto/releases) page.

### Homebrew Tap

```
brew install FairwindsOps/tap/pluto
```

## QuickStart

First, follow the install instructions to install pluto.

### File Detection in a Directory

Run `pluto detect-files -d <DIRECTORY YOU WANT TO SCAN>`

You should see an output something like:

```
$ pluto detect-files -d pkg/finder/testdata
NAME        KIND         VERSION              REPLACEMENT   REMOVED   DEPRECATED
utilities   Deployment   extensions/v1beta1   apps/v1       true      true
utilities   Deployment   extensions/v1beta1   apps/v1       true      true
```

This indicates that we have two files in our directory that have deprecated apiVersions. This will need to be fixed prior to a 1.16 upgrade.

### Helm Detection (in-cluster)

```
$ pluto detect-helm --helm-version 3 -owide
NAME                                         KIND                           VERSION                                REPLACEMENT                       REMOVED   DEPRECATED
audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha             StatefulSet                    apps/v1beta1                           apps/v1                           true      true
cert-manager-webhook                         MutatingWebhookConfiguration   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1   false     true
kubecost-cost-analyzer-priority              PriorityClass                  scheduling.k8s.io/v1beta1              scheduling.k8s.io/v1              false     true
rbacdefinitions.rbacmanager.reactiveops.io   CustomResourceDefinition       apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1           apiextensions.k8s.io/v1           false     true
vault-agent-injector-cfg                     MutatingWebhookConfiguration   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1   false     true
```

This indicates that the StatefulSet audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha was deployed with apps/v1beta1 which is deprecated in 1.16

You can also use Pluto with helm 2:

```
$ pluto detect-helm --helm-version=2 -A
NAME                             KIND         VERSION              REPLACEMENT   REMOVED   DEPRECATED
invincible-zebu-metrics-server   Deployment   extensions/v1beta1   apps/v1       true      true
lunging-bat-metrics-server       Deployment   apps/v1                            false     false
```

If you only have access to a certain namespace (helm 3), or if you only want to see information for a single namespace, you can pass the `--namespace` or `-n` flag to restrict the output. Due to the way that helm2 stores configmaps, you will still need access to the tiller namespace if you are using helm 2.

```
$ pluto detect-helm -n cert-manager -owide
NAME                                NAMESPACE      KIND                           VERSION                                REPLACEMENT                       DEPRECATED   DEPRECATED IN   REMOVED   REMOVED IN
cert-manager/cert-manager-webhook   cert-manager   MutatingWebhookConfiguration   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1   true         v1.16.0         false     v1.19.0
```

### Helm Chart Checking (local files)

You can run `helm template <chart-dir> | pluto detect --show-all -`

This will output something like so:

```
$ helm template e2e/tests/assets/helm3chart | pluto detect --show-all -
KIND         VERSION              DEPRECATED   DEPRECATED IN   RESOURCE NAME
Deployment   extensions/v1beta1   true         v1.16.0         RELEASE-NAME-helm3chart-v1beta1
Deployment   apps/v1              false        n/a             RELEASE-NAME-helm3chart
```

## Other Usage Options

### Display Options

In addition to the standard output, Pluto can output yaml, json, or wide.

#### Wide

The wide output provides more information about when an apiVersion was removed or deprecated.

```
$ pluto detect-helm --helm-version 3 -owide
NAME                                         KIND                           VERSION                                REPLACEMENT                       DEPRECATED   DEPRECATED IN   REMOVED   REMOVED IN
audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha             StatefulSet                    apps/v1beta1                           apps/v1                           true         v1.9.0          true      v1.16.0
cert-manager-webhook                         MutatingWebhookConfiguration   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1   true         v1.16.0         false     v1.19.0
kubecost-cost-analyzer-priority              PriorityClass                  scheduling.k8s.io/v1beta1              scheduling.k8s.io/v1              true         v1.14.0         false     v1.17.0
rbacdefinitions.rbacmanager.reactiveops.io   CustomResourceDefinition       apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1           apiextensions.k8s.io/v1           true         v1.16.0         false     v1.19.0
```

#### JSON

```
$ pluto detect-helm --helm-version 3 -ojson | jq .
{
  "items": [
    {
      "name": "audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha",
      "api": {
        "version": "apps/v1beta1",
        "kind": "StatefulSet",
        "deprecated-in": "v1.9.0",
        "removed-in": "v1.16.0",
        "replacement-api": "apps/v1"
      },
      "deprecated": true,
      "removed": true
    },
    {
      "name": "cert-manager-webhook",
      "api": {
        "version": "admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1",
        "kind": "MutatingWebhookConfiguration",
        "deprecated-in": "v1.16.0",
        "removed-in": "v1.19.0",
        "replacement-api": "admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1"
      },
      "deprecated": true,
      "removed": false
    },
    {
      "name": "kubecost-cost-analyzer-priority",
      "api": {
        "version": "scheduling.k8s.io/v1beta1",
        "kind": "PriorityClass",
        "deprecated-in": "v1.14.0",
        "removed-in": "v1.17.0",
        "replacement-api": "scheduling.k8s.io/v1"
      },
      "deprecated": true,
      "removed": false
    },
    {
      "name": "rbacdefinitions.rbacmanager.reactiveops.io",
      "api": {
        "version": "apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1",
        "kind": "CustomResourceDefinition",
        "deprecated-in": "v1.16.0",
        "removed-in": "v1.19.0",
        "replacement-api": "apiextensions.k8s.io/v1"
      },
      "deprecated": true,
      "removed": false
    },
    {
      "name": "vault-agent-injector-cfg",
      "api": {
        "version": "admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1",
        "kind": "MutatingWebhookConfiguration",
        "deprecated-in": "v1.16.0",
        "removed-in": "v1.19.0",
        "replacement-api": "admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1"
      },
      "deprecated": true,
      "removed": false
    }
  ],
  "target-version": "v1.16.0"
}
```

#### YAML

```yaml
items:
- name: audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha
  api:
    version: apps/v1beta1
    kind: StatefulSet
    deprecated-in: v1.9.0
    removed-in: v1.16.0
    replacement-api: apps/v1
  deprecated: true
  removed: true
- name: cert-manager-webhook
  api:
    version: admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1
    kind: MutatingWebhookConfiguration
    deprecated-in: v1.16.0
    removed-in: v1.19.0
    replacement-api: admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1
  deprecated: true
  removed: false
- name: kubecost-cost-analyzer-priority
  api:
    version: scheduling.k8s.io/v1beta1
    kind: PriorityClass
    deprecated-in: v1.14.0
    removed-in: v1.17.0
    replacement-api: scheduling.k8s.io/v1
  deprecated: true
  removed: false
- name: rbacdefinitions.rbacmanager.reactiveops.io
  api:
    version: apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1
    kind: CustomResourceDefinition
    deprecated-in: v1.16.0
    removed-in: v1.19.0
    replacement-api: apiextensions.k8s.io/v1
  deprecated: true
  removed: false
target-version: v1.16.0
```

### CI Pipelines

Pluto has specific exit codes that is uses to indicate certain results:

- Exit Code 1 - An error. A message will be displayed
- Exit Code 2 - A deprecated apiVersion has been found.
- Exit Code 3 - A removed apiVersion has been found.

If you wish to bypass the generation of exit codes 2 and 3, you may do so with two different flags:

```
--ignore-deprecations              Ignore the default behavior to exit 2 if deprecated apiVersions are found.
--ignore-removals                  Ignore the default behavior to exit 3 if removed apiVersions are found.
```

### Target Versions

By default, Pluto was designed with deprecations related to Kubernetes v1.16.0. However, as more deprecations are introduced, we will try to keep it updated.

You can target the version you are concerned with by using the `--target-version` or `-t` flag. For example:

```
$ pluto detect-helm --target-version "v1.15.0" --show-all
KIND                VERSION          DEPRECATED   DEPRECATED IN   RESOURCE NAME
StatefulSet         apps/v1beta1     false        v1.16.0         audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha

$ echo $?
0
```

Notice that there is a deprecated version, but it was reported as non-deprecated because it has not yet been deprecated in v1.15.0. This particular run exited 0.

Commit message:

Add support for secrets for helm v2 (#79)
* Add support for helm v2 secrets
* e2e test for --helm-store configmaps & secrets

README.md, after:

# Pluto
<div align="center">
  <img src="/img/logo.png" alt="Pluto Logo" height="200"/>
  <br>

  <h3>Find Kubernetes resources that have been deprecated</h3>

  [![GitHub release (latest SemVer)][release-image]][release-link] [![GitHub go.mod Go version][version-image]][version-link] [![CircleCI][circleci-image]][circleci-link] [![Code Coverage][codecov-image]][codecov-link] [![Go Report Card][goreport-image]][goreport-link]
</div>

[version-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/FairwindsOps/pluto
[version-link]: https://github.com/FairwindsOps/pluto

[release-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/FairwindsOps/pluto
[release-link]: https://github.com/FairwindsOps/pluto

[goreport-image]: https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/FairwindsOps/pluto
[goreport-link]: https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/FairwindsOps/pluto

[circleci-image]: https://circleci.com/gh/FairwindsOps/pluto/tree/master.svg?style=svg
[circleci-link]: https://circleci.com/gh/FairwindsOps/pluto

[codecov-image]: https://codecov.io/gh/FairwindsOps/pluto/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
[codecov-link]: https://codecov.io/gh/FairwindsOps/pluto

This is a very simple utility to help users find deprecated Kubernetes apiVersions in their code repositories and their helm releases.

**Want to learn more?** Reach out on [the Slack channel](https://fairwindscommunity.slack.com/messages/pluto) ([request invite](https://join.slack.com/t/fairwindscommunity/shared_invite/zt-e3c6vj4l-3lIH6dvKqzWII5fSSFDi1g)), send an email to `opensource@fairwinds.com`, or join us for [office hours on Zoom](https://fairwindscommunity.slack.com/messages/office-hours)

## Purpose

Kubernetes sometimes deprecates apiVersions. Most notably, a large number of deprecations happened in the [1.16 release](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/07/18/api-deprecations-in-1-16/). This is fine, and it's a fairly easy thing to deal with. However, it can be difficult to find all the places where you might have used a version that will be deprecated in your next upgrade.

You might think, "I'll just ask the api-server to tell me!", but this is fraught with danger. If you ask the api-server to give you `deployments.v1.apps`, and the deployment was deployed as `deployments.v1beta1.extensions`, the api-server will quite happily convert the api version and return a manifest with `apps/v1`. This is fairly well outlined in the discussion in [this issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/58131#issuecomment-356823588).

So, long story short, finding the places where you have deployed a deprecated apiVersion can be challenging. This is where `pluto` comes in. You can use pluto to check a couple different places where you might have placed a deprecated version:
* Infrastructure-as-Code repos: Pluto can check both static manifests and Helm charts for deprecated apiVersions
* Live Helm releases: Pluto can check both Helm 2 and Helm 3 releases running in your cluster for deprecated apiVersions

## Kubernetes Deprecation Policy

You can read the full policy [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-policy/)

Long story short, apiVersions get deprecated, and then they eventually get removed entirely. Pluto differentiates between these two, and will tell you if a version is `DEPRECATED` or `REMOVED`

## Installation

### asdf

We have an asdf plugin [here](https://github.com/FairwindsOps/asdf-pluto). You can install with:

```
asdf plugin-add pluto
asdf list-all pluto
asdf install pluto <latest version>
```

### Binary

Install the binary from our [releases](https://github.com/FairwindsOps/pluto/releases) page.

### Homebrew Tap

```
brew install FairwindsOps/tap/pluto
```

## QuickStart

First, follow the install instructions to install pluto.

### File Detection in a Directory

Run `pluto detect-files -d <DIRECTORY YOU WANT TO SCAN>`

You should see an output something like:

```
$ pluto detect-files -d pkg/finder/testdata
NAME        KIND         VERSION              REPLACEMENT   REMOVED   DEPRECATED
utilities   Deployment   extensions/v1beta1   apps/v1       true      true
utilities   Deployment   extensions/v1beta1   apps/v1       true      true
```

This indicates that we have two files in our directory that have deprecated apiVersions. This will need to be fixed prior to a 1.16 upgrade.

### Helm Detection (in-cluster)

```
$ pluto detect-helm --helm-version 3 -owide
NAME                                         KIND                           VERSION                                REPLACEMENT                       REMOVED   DEPRECATED
audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha             StatefulSet                    apps/v1beta1                           apps/v1                           true      true
cert-manager-webhook                         MutatingWebhookConfiguration   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1   false     true
kubecost-cost-analyzer-priority              PriorityClass                  scheduling.k8s.io/v1beta1              scheduling.k8s.io/v1              false     true
rbacdefinitions.rbacmanager.reactiveops.io   CustomResourceDefinition       apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1           apiextensions.k8s.io/v1           false     true
vault-agent-injector-cfg                     MutatingWebhookConfiguration   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1   false     true
```

This indicates that the StatefulSet audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha was deployed with apps/v1beta1 which is deprecated in 1.16

You can also use Pluto with helm 2:

```
$ pluto detect-helm --helm-version=2 -A
NAME                             KIND         VERSION              REPLACEMENT   REMOVED   DEPRECATED
invincible-zebu-metrics-server   Deployment   extensions/v1beta1   apps/v1       true      true
lunging-bat-metrics-server       Deployment   apps/v1                            false     false
```

In case you have configured helm 2 with `--storage=secret`, you can add the optional `--helm-store secrets`. Default configuration for helm 2 is configmaps.

If you only have access to a certain namespace (helm 3), or if you only want to see information for a single namespace, you can pass the `--namespace` or `-n` flag to restrict the output. Due to the way that helm2 stores configmaps, you will still need access to the tiller namespace if you are using helm 2.

```
$ pluto detect-helm -n cert-manager -owide
NAME                                NAMESPACE      KIND                           VERSION                                REPLACEMENT                       DEPRECATED   DEPRECATED IN   REMOVED   REMOVED IN
cert-manager/cert-manager-webhook   cert-manager   MutatingWebhookConfiguration   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1   true         v1.16.0         false     v1.19.0
```

### Helm Chart Checking (local files)

You can run `helm template <chart-dir> | pluto detect --show-all -`

This will output something like so:

```
$ helm template e2e/tests/assets/helm3chart | pluto detect --show-all -
KIND         VERSION              DEPRECATED   DEPRECATED IN   RESOURCE NAME
Deployment   extensions/v1beta1   true         v1.16.0         RELEASE-NAME-helm3chart-v1beta1
Deployment   apps/v1              false        n/a             RELEASE-NAME-helm3chart
```

## Other Usage Options

### Display Options

In addition to the standard output, Pluto can output yaml, json, or wide.

#### Wide

The wide output provides more information about when an apiVersion was removed or deprecated.

```
$ pluto detect-helm --helm-version 3 -owide
NAME                                         KIND                           VERSION                                REPLACEMENT                       DEPRECATED   DEPRECATED IN   REMOVED   REMOVED IN
audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha             StatefulSet                    apps/v1beta1                           apps/v1                           true         v1.9.0          true      v1.16.0
cert-manager-webhook                         MutatingWebhookConfiguration   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1   admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1   true         v1.16.0         false     v1.19.0
kubecost-cost-analyzer-priority              PriorityClass                  scheduling.k8s.io/v1beta1              scheduling.k8s.io/v1              true         v1.14.0         false     v1.17.0
rbacdefinitions.rbacmanager.reactiveops.io   CustomResourceDefinition       apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1           apiextensions.k8s.io/v1           true         v1.16.0         false     v1.19.0
```

#### JSON

```
$ pluto detect-helm --helm-version 3 -ojson | jq .
{
  "items": [
    {
      "name": "audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha",
      "api": {
        "version": "apps/v1beta1",
        "kind": "StatefulSet",
        "deprecated-in": "v1.9.0",
        "removed-in": "v1.16.0",
        "replacement-api": "apps/v1"
      },
      "deprecated": true,
      "removed": true
    },
    {
      "name": "cert-manager-webhook",
      "api": {
        "version": "admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1",
        "kind": "MutatingWebhookConfiguration",
        "deprecated-in": "v1.16.0",
        "removed-in": "v1.19.0",
        "replacement-api": "admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1"
      },
      "deprecated": true,
      "removed": false
    },
    {
      "name": "kubecost-cost-analyzer-priority",
      "api": {
        "version": "scheduling.k8s.io/v1beta1",
        "kind": "PriorityClass",
        "deprecated-in": "v1.14.0",
        "removed-in": "v1.17.0",
        "replacement-api": "scheduling.k8s.io/v1"
      },
      "deprecated": true,
      "removed": false
    },
    {
      "name": "rbacdefinitions.rbacmanager.reactiveops.io",
      "api": {
        "version": "apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1",
        "kind": "CustomResourceDefinition",
        "deprecated-in": "v1.16.0",
        "removed-in": "v1.19.0",
        "replacement-api": "apiextensions.k8s.io/v1"
      },
      "deprecated": true,
      "removed": false
    },
    {
      "name": "vault-agent-injector-cfg",
      "api": {
        "version": "admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1",
        "kind": "MutatingWebhookConfiguration",
        "deprecated-in": "v1.16.0",
        "removed-in": "v1.19.0",
        "replacement-api": "admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1"
      },
      "deprecated": true,
      "removed": false
    }
  ],
  "target-version": "v1.16.0"
}
```

#### YAML

```yaml
items:
- name: audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha
  api:
    version: apps/v1beta1
    kind: StatefulSet
    deprecated-in: v1.9.0
    removed-in: v1.16.0
    replacement-api: apps/v1
  deprecated: true
  removed: true
- name: cert-manager-webhook
  api:
    version: admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1
    kind: MutatingWebhookConfiguration
    deprecated-in: v1.16.0
    removed-in: v1.19.0
    replacement-api: admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1
  deprecated: true
  removed: false
- name: kubecost-cost-analyzer-priority
  api:
    version: scheduling.k8s.io/v1beta1
    kind: PriorityClass
    deprecated-in: v1.14.0
    removed-in: v1.17.0
    replacement-api: scheduling.k8s.io/v1
  deprecated: true
  removed: false
- name: rbacdefinitions.rbacmanager.reactiveops.io
  api:
    version: apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1
    kind: CustomResourceDefinition
    deprecated-in: v1.16.0
    removed-in: v1.19.0
    replacement-api: apiextensions.k8s.io/v1
  deprecated: true
  removed: false
target-version: v1.16.0
```

### CI Pipelines

Pluto has specific exit codes that is uses to indicate certain results:

- Exit Code 1 - An error. A message will be displayed
- Exit Code 2 - A deprecated apiVersion has been found.
- Exit Code 3 - A removed apiVersion has been found.

If you wish to bypass the generation of exit codes 2 and 3, you may do so with two different flags:

```
--ignore-deprecations              Ignore the default behavior to exit 2 if deprecated apiVersions are found.
--ignore-removals                  Ignore the default behavior to exit 3 if removed apiVersions are found.
```

### Target Versions

By default, Pluto was designed with deprecations related to Kubernetes v1.16.0. However, as more deprecations are introduced, we will try to keep it updated.

You can target the version you are concerned with by using the `--target-version` or `-t` flag. For example:

```
$ pluto detect-helm --target-version "v1.15.0" --show-all
KIND                VERSION          DEPRECATED   DEPRECATED IN   RESOURCE NAME
StatefulSet         apps/v1beta1     false        v1.16.0         audit-dashboard-prod-rabbitmq-ha

$ echo $?
0
```

Notice that there is a deprecated version, but it was reported as non-deprecated because it has not yet been deprecated in v1.15.0. This particular run exited 0.
